chore: switch to more coherent naming (#118)
web3-storage/specs: w3-blob.md

### Add Blob Diagram

Following diagram illustrates execution flow. Alice invokes `/space/content/add/blob` command which produces receipt with three effects (`allocate`, `put`, `accept`) and awaited `claim`. Effects have dependencies and therefor predict execution flow (from left to right). The output of the main task awaits on the result of the result of the last effect.

```mermaid
flowchart TB
Add("⏯️ /space/content/add/blob 👩‍💻 🤖")
AddOk("🧾 { ok: { site } }")

subgraph accept
Accept("⏯️ /service/blob/accept 🤖")

> AcceptOk("🧾 { ok: { site } }")

Reviewer: this is in theory site, but it is not updated below. see https://github.com/web3-storage/specs/pull/118#discussion_r1559008405

end

subgraph put
Put("⏯️ /http/put 🔑")
PutOk("🧾 { ok: {} }")
end

subgraph allocate
Allocate("⏯️ /service/blob/allocate 🤖")
AllocateOk("🧾 { ok: { url headers } }")
end

> Claim("🎫 /assert/location 🤖👩‍💻")

Author: ```suggestion
Site("🎫 /assert/location 🤖👩‍💻")
```

Add -.-> AddOk
AddOk -- ⏭️ --> allocate
AddOk -- ⏭️ --> put
AddOk -- ⏭️ --> accept

> AddOk -- 🚦 out.ok.claim --> AcceptOk

Author: ```suggestion
AddOk -- 🚦 out.ok.site --> AcceptOk
```

Allocate -.-> AllocateOk

Put -- 🚦url --> AllocateOk
Put -- 🚦headers --> AllocateOk

Put -.-> PutOk

Accept -- 🚦_put --> PutOk
Accept -.-> AcceptOk

> AcceptOk -- claim --> Claim

Author: ```suggestion
AcceptOk -- site --> Site
```

  "iss": "did:key:zAlice",
  "aud": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "args": {

>     "site": {

Author: ```suggestion
    "blob": {
```

> ℹ️ We use `// "/": "bafy..` comments to denote CID of the parent object.

```js
{ // "/": "bafy..work",
  "iss": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "aud": "did:key:zAlice",
  "cmd": "/ucan/assert",
  "sub": "did:web:web3.storage",
  "args": {
    "assert": [
      // refers to the invocation from the example

>       { "/": "bafy..add" },

Reviewer 2: Can you please add `// "/": "bafy..add"` comment to the previous example?

#### Allocation Cause

The `args.cause` field MUST be set to the [Link] for the [Add Blob] task, that caused an allocation.

### Allocate Blob Receipt

> 

Reviewer: See below. Should BlobPut be the following in terms of capability definition:

```ts
type BlobPut = {
  cmd: "/http/put"
  sub: DID
  args: {
    url: [".out.ok.address.url", Link<BlobAlloc>]
    headers: [".out.ok.address.headers", Link<BlobAlloc>]
    body: Blob
  }
  meta: {
    keys: {[key: DID]: bytes}
  }
}
```

Author: We talked about this in sync, but capturing the summary here

1. General idea is that arguments are defined in terms of types.
2. Argument can be literals or they can be `ucan/await`  selectors, in which case they effectively act as `await` in js and assume that selector will lead to the value of the expected type.
    - If awaited task fails /  does not have a selected path errors propagate

Unfortunately currently our schema definitions and specifically `.invoke` method on them is unable to recognize `ucan/await` pattern, so short term we could define schema more explicitly using something like

```js
const Await = Schema.struct({
  'ucan/await': Schema.tuple([Schema.text(),  Schema.link()])
})

const Put = Schema.struct({
  can: "http/put",
  with: Schema.did(),
  nb: Schema.struct({
    url: Schema.text().or(Await),
    headers: Schema.dictionary({ value: Schema.string() }).or(Await),
    body: blob
  })
})
```

### Put Blob Subject

> The subject field SHOULD be [`did:key`] corresponding to the [Ed25519] private key that is last 32 bytes of the blob [multihash].

Author: @vasco-santos I have changed this to last 32 bytes because that is actual sha-256 of the content while first 32 will include multihash prefix thing which will be always the same.

### Put Blob Metadata

Metadata MUST contain `keys` field with an object value that contains [`did:key`] subject as key and corresponding private key bytes as a value.

### Put Blob URL

Destination `url` MUST be specified in the arguments and it MUST be an endpoint that can accept HTTP PUT request.

### Put Blob Headers

The `headers` map MUST be specified in the arguments. It MUST have string keys corresponding to header names and string values corresponding to header values.

> ### Put Blob Body

Author: Per @alanshaw https://github.com/web3-storage/w3up/pull/1342/files#r1557547248

> Personally I'd just repeat the fields here so this doesn't depend on blob capability.

I think it is a valid point, and I have considered defining schema as following instead

```ts
type BlobPut = {
  cmd: "/http/put"
  sub: DID
  args: {
    url: URL
    headers: Headers
    body: Body
  }
  meta: {
    keys: {[key: DID]: bytes}
  }
}

type Body = Variant<{
  blob: Blob
}>
```

So we could in the future define alternative body types. However I'm not sure if there could be a body that we do not address by hash which is why decided to not introduce another wrapper layer, that said I could be convinced otherwise.

Also relatedly I'm hoping to change `Blob` definition into a multihash that captures payload size per https://github.com/multiformats/multihash/issues/163, which is why `Blob` is treated as a single a unit as opposed to pair of fields.

Author: One other thing we have discussed is changing body to just multihash and moving `size` into `headers['content-length']` which we can do if that is preferred. From what I know I don't think presigned URLs currently care about `size` anyway.

Reviewer: I would really prefer to have the size instead of expecting the size to be in the headers.

## Accept Blob

> Authorized agent MAY invoke `/service/blob/accept` capability on the [provider] subject. Invocation MUST either succeed when content is delivered to an allocated `address` or fail if either allocation failed or expired before content was delivered.

Author: ```suggestion
Authorized agent MAY invoke `/service/blob/accept` capability on the [provider] subject. Invocation MUST either succeed when content is delivered at allocated site or fail if either allocation failed or expired before content was delivered.
```

> Invocation MUST block until content is delivered. Implementation MAY resume when content is sent to the allocated address or await until client signals that content has been delivered using [put blob receipt].

Reviewer: also looking at the first receipt, I think we should have:

```typescript
type BlobAccept = {
  cmd: "/service/blob/accept"
  sub: ProviderDID
  args: {
    blob: Blob
    exp: int
    space: SpaceDID
    _put: [".out.ok.site", Link<HttpPut>]
  }
}
```

is this correct?

> Invocation MUST block until content is delivered. Implementation MAY resume when content is sent to the allocated address or await until client signals that content has been delivered using [put blob receipt].

Reviewer: actually on `BlobAccept` we have an issue at the moment: 
1. I agree that we need to have `space` as arg, but we have no way to find out the space, unless we pass it via `http/put`. What do you think @Gozala ?

> Invocation MUST block until content is delivered. Implementation MAY resume when content is sent to the allocated address or await until client signals that content has been delivered using [put blob receipt].

Reviewer: Also, `blobAccept` handler needs to do set in Assert.location agent DID as audience, not space right?

> Invocation MUST block until content is delivered. Implementation MAY resume when content is sent to the allocated address or await until client signals that content has been delivered using [put blob receipt].

Author: No it should be a space, because agent acts on space authority. E.g agent may be CI job authorized to upload content, but not authorized to publish it on e.g bitswap

> Invocation MUST block until content is delivered. Implementation MAY resume when content is sent to the allocated address or await until client signals that content has been delivered using [put blob receipt].

Reviewer: ok, that seems correct. so then question remains to, how can we get it unless we pass it over on `http/put`

> Invocation MUST block until content is delivered. Implementation MAY resume when content is sent to the allocated address or await until client signals that content has been delivered using [put blob receipt].

Author: We talked about this in sync and have concluded that we should not capture `space` in the `http/put` because technically there could be multiple `blob/accept`'s across several spaces awaiting for the blob content and it does not matter which one will deliver it. In fact `space` where content is delivered is web3.storage space.

However completing `blob/accept` on other all spaces awaiting is out of scope for the current implementation. That said we can still obtain the space info from the `/http/put` because it's `url` and `headers` args will have `ucan/await` linked to the `/service/blob/allocate` that has `space` argument.

> Invocation MUST block until content is delivered. Implementation MAY resume when content is sent to the allocated address or await until client signals that content has been delivered using [put blob receipt].

Reviewer: thanks for summarizing here. 

@Gozala I think the first commend in this thread is still relevant though:

> can't suggest there because is not part of the diff but `blob/accept` receipt type should have site right?

```typescript
type BlobAcceptOk = {
  site: Link<LocationClaim>
}
```
